S4 cant select friend to chat or if someone has messaged them
On Jan 8, 2014 7:40 PM, "zukeru" <zukeru@gmail.com> wrote:

    Ok chat bugs when u click the notification it doesnt take you to the chat

    After i chatted someone they couldnt select my name from chat list to view messages

    There should be an in app alert like emergency alert that when you press ok it takes you
    Make it say

    User name has sent you a message: message

    Then when a user presses ok it takes them to the open chat
    On Jan 8, 2014 3:41 PM, "zukeru" <zukeru@gmail.com> wrote:

        Here are the screens I said I was going to send with a depiction of what i meant with slight design changes luckily all you have to really do is change images except two things

        on the dialog box make it auto close if they click anywhere in the background other than the box. like the menu

        and move the chat to the right of the minimized friends list, if its expanded it can cover it but minimizesed please make as shown..

        Have your designer do the images for what I want and make them look professional and good thanks.


        On Wed, Jan 8, 2014 at 12:35 PM, zukeru <zukeru@gmail.com> wrote:

            yaj when someone selects a user from the tracking list there is the popup message where they select what to do with that user can you have three buttons across bottom one for chat | track | profile and the x still in the upper right corner.. Have your designer give you the image I believe I sent this before as well. Also when they press chat on that screen it should take them to the chat part of the program and open a chat with that user. Also we need a way to delete friends from the friends list I say swipe right on the user you want to remove should show a delete box then prompt. also need a way to clear chats.

            What to focus on:

            Change Left Graphic For Friends List I will include screenshot. This will make it look 100times better have your designer make HD graphic mine are just for illustration.
            -Slight code change the map and all screens that have the friends list tab are going to be moved to the right of the friends graphic so it doesnt cover any of the screens unless its open shouldnt be very much code change at all. Simply changing a graphic and dimensions of the screen elements. 
            Online / Offline Functionality as discussed
            Way to remove friends as noted above
            Way to clear chat history as noted above
            Including profile pictures in the chat next to the messages like text messages
            Notifications when message is received
            Message Counter on the profile pic. I am going to send another email with screen shots that you can give to the designer and he can use to make HD graphics
            Then we need to fix the ski patrol to have multiple icons a new one for each user who presses it and have them all displayed at the same time 
            We need to add a way to clear emergency alert and have the alert persist until cleared
            We need to add the track all friends button to track all friends at the same time
            Then we need to finish meet up


            These are the immediate things I want fixed and worked on basically in that order.


